TODO.md, before:

TODO(s):
=====

Update code comments to reference r7rs.

operations:
-----------
* string-ci<?
* string-ci>?
* string-ci<=?
* string-ci>=?
* list->string
* append
* list-tail
* list-ref
* list-set!
* memq
* memv
* member
* assq
* assv
* assoc
* apply
* map
* for-each

forms:
------
* cond
* case
* case-lambda

garbage collection:
-------------------
* implement arena growth
* need to work out how to deal with constants - for now we will not gc anything allocated at parse time
* merge arenas

performance:
------------
* recursion is currently very expensive (both in terms of stack and memory) -> need tail call optimisation
* more performant env structure

misc:
-----
* 'Testing parse error handling TODO' error
* write stack (for runtime and internal stacks)
* too much repeated handling for stack unwinding in eval
* want to also print context for errors (e.g. expr being evalled when error occured, expr at each stage of stack unwinding)

parse:
------
* parse should record line numbers in AST, all errors should reference these
* allow parsing of negative numbers
* needs to be able to ask for 'more' input (if current input does not properly end a token)
* needs to be able to communicate 'failure', e.g. miss matching of brackets in `(define a 5]`

eval:
-----
* eval documentation

read:
-----
* write...

testing:
--------
* error testing suite should test generation of runtime errors

features:
---------
* quoting of improper lists, pairs e.g. '(a.b)
* write repl front-end
* macro system
* variable arguments
* want a way of printing literal syntax (without attempting to eval)
* begin work on library system

runtime:
---------
* eval should keep a stack of the internal functions it uses (for internal debugging)
* eval should keep a stack of the programs functions (for program debugging)
* tail call optimisation

bugs:
-----
* parsing of # is silly
* string do not currently support escaping
* escaping in strings will copy over the escape character and include it in size/len
* plot runtime errors may leak previously allocated values, need to decr before throwing error.
* plot_new_string and plot_alloc_string are not really related, as the latter allocates an array and the former a value
* need to update number.c to use plot_runtime_error system
* plot_eval_form should only return 0 on error, otherwise it is a runtime error
* parsing feedback is terrible
* parser is non standard compliant, `(if(` should behave.
* plot_runtime_errors should probably use scheme name (rather than c implementation name)
* look very carefully at gc around force (incr when generated vs incr when returned)

Commit message:

Noting in TODO changes that need to be made to generate_bindings

TODO.md, after:

TODO(s):
=====

Make generate_bindings aware of forms, syntactic and not (and aware of deprecated interface)

Update code comments to reference r7rs.

operations:
-----------
* string-ci<?
* string-ci>?
* string-ci<=?
* string-ci>=?
* list->string
* append
* list-tail
* list-ref
* list-set!
* memq
* memv
* member
* assq
* assv
* assoc
* apply
* map
* for-each

forms:
------
* cond
* case
* case-lambda

garbage collection:
-------------------
* implement arena growth
* need to work out how to deal with constants - for now we will not gc anything allocated at parse time
* merge arenas

performance:
------------
* recursion is currently very expensive (both in terms of stack and memory) -> need tail call optimisation
* more performant env structure

misc:
-----
* 'Testing parse error handling TODO' error
* write stack (for runtime and internal stacks)
* too much repeated handling for stack unwinding in eval
* want to also print context for errors (e.g. expr being evalled when error occured, expr at each stage of stack unwinding)

parse:
------
* parse should record line numbers in AST, all errors should reference these
* allow parsing of negative numbers
* needs to be able to ask for 'more' input (if current input does not properly end a token)
* needs to be able to communicate 'failure', e.g. miss matching of brackets in `(define a 5]`

eval:
-----
* eval documentation

read:
-----
* write...

testing:
--------
* error testing suite should test generation of runtime errors

features:
---------
* quoting of improper lists, pairs e.g. '(a.b)
* write repl front-end
* macro system
* variable arguments
* want a way of printing literal syntax (without attempting to eval)
* begin work on library system

runtime:
---------
* eval should keep a stack of the internal functions it uses (for internal debugging)
* eval should keep a stack of the programs functions (for program debugging)
* tail call optimisation

bugs:
-----
* parsing of # is silly
* string do not currently support escaping
* escaping in strings will copy over the escape character and include it in size/len
* plot runtime errors may leak previously allocated values, need to decr before throwing error.
* plot_new_string and plot_alloc_string are not really related, as the latter allocates an array and the former a value
* need to update number.c to use plot_runtime_error system
* plot_eval_form should only return 0 on error, otherwise it is a runtime error
* parsing feedback is terrible
* parser is non standard compliant, `(if(` should behave.
* plot_runtime_errors should probably use scheme name (rather than c implementation name)
* look very carefully at gc around force (incr when generated vs incr when returned)
